Xname -- string
health_max -- derived
Xhealth_current -- number
Xhealth_level_bonus -- number
Xhealth_flat_bonus -- number
armor_class -- derived
Xarmor_type -- string
Xshield_bonus -- boolean
Xwealth -- number
Xarmor_penalties -- string[]
effort_total -- derived
effort_available -- derived
level -- derived
next_level_requirements -- derived
experience -- number
dominion_gained -- number
dominion_monthly -- number
influence_total -- derived
move_land -- number
move_swim -- number
move_burrow -- number
move_fly -- number
goal -- string
facts -- string[]
strength_score -- number
strength_mod -- derived
dexterity_score -- number
dexterity_mod -- derived
constitution_score -- number
constitution_mod -- derived
intelligence_score -- number
intelligence_mod -- derived
wisdom_score -- number
wisdom_mod -- derived
charisma_score -- number
charisma_mod -- derived
base_attack_bonus -- derived
base_save -- derived
hardiness_mod -- derived
evasion_mod -- derived
spirit_mod -- derived
fray_die -- string
weapons -- items
words -- items
gifts -- items
spells -- items
projects -- items
active_effects -- items





Details: {
    name: 'string',
    ac: 'number',
    health: 'value',
    facts: 'string'
},
Social:{

}
Combat: {
    movement: '',
    offence: {
        attacks: '',
        spells: '',
        gifts: '',
        spells: ''.
    },
    defence: {
        health: ''.
        ac: '',
        saves: ''
        immunities: '' // words passives, gift effects & constant gifts
    }
}
Exploration: {

}